the alabia family waits for winter in
the rubble of what was once their
home the mouths to feed include iMed and
his wife Amal six children their
daughter-in-law and two grandchildren
and the temperature is starting to
[Music]
fall I tell you the truth I fled the
house with the clothes I wear to pray my
daughter is suffering from the cold and
I swear I can't buy her winter clothes
they sleep with other Sheltering
families at a un School in southern Gaza
but they prefer days at their shattered
home we come here to escape the noise
the diseases and the flu that people
suffer from at the school we find our
house more comfortable although we're
afraid of the
bombing this is an intimate view into a
humanitarian disaster on a vast scale
and one that is entirely
man-made the un's human rights office
says 1.6 million people in Gaza have
been displaced and at least 41,000 homes
destroyed I lost my clothes I lost my
notebooks I lost everything we lost our
home our shelter everything is gone but
thank God we go to school and I'm Not
Afraid even if I'm killed it's okay our
lives are in God's hands
PUD and her kids are homeless too the
secondhand clothes on offer in Rafa are
expensive and winterwear is hard to find
the generosity of strangers can make all
the
difference kind people gave my son a
jumper he was with me in the street
wearing a jumper and shorts a shopkeeper
then saw him and felt sad he gave him a
pair of trousers and said he's like my
son and he's
called such conditions are soul crushing
bombed and besieged their world in Ruins
all the people of Gaza have now is each
other Rory chalins Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer